In this section, I'm going to show you how you type a command and we will look at flags or options
for a particular command.
We will also look at files and directories with relation to case sensitivity.
Most importantly, we will look at navigating the file system.
Using terminal is easy.
All you do is type the command and press enter.
If a particular command has an option or flag you would like to use, you leave a space, add the flag
and then press enter the flag or option is normally preceded by a IFN.
A flag is used to change the way a command is executed.
A few pointers about files and directories, any file or directory that starts with a period is a hidden
file or directory in Lennix.
Extensions are not needed.
They are used, but they are not needed.
Please be aware of case sensitivity regarding directory names and file names.
If you look at the examples we have used.
Hello, Dotty on a Linnik system, those five names are different files.
If you are using windows, those five names refer to the same file.
When you type a command, all commands are typed in lower case.
The exception is when adding flags.
Some options need to be typed in upper case.
I now want to introduce you to the L.
S command, the L.
S command is the most widely used of all the commands.
It is used to list the contents of a directory.
There are two flags that get used frequently, and they are L and A the flag and will display all files,
including hidden files.
E hyphen L flag will give you a long or wide listing.
Flags can also be combined.
You can combine a wide listing with all files by adding hyphen a l.
It doesn't matter the order of the flag.
You could type it as ellis' hyphen l-a or ifn a l.
All you do is type the command in this case is to list and press enter if you want to add an option
or flag to the command, you top the command hyphen, followed by the flag.
In this case hyphen.
Hey, another variation using a different flag this time hyphen El you can combine Flagg's hyphen l
a less hyphen a hyphen l they do not need to be typed separately combined they I used a first if I use
tell and then a exactly the same result do not type commands in uppercase.
All commands are to be typed in lowercase.
Some flags are required to be typed in uppercase, a different command this time clear top to command
if you need to add a flag hyphen followed by the flag.
I've been using the Ellis Command, which is our last command.
We will look at what information the Ellis' command is displaying to you shortly.
All commands come with a built in help system.
To access a commands boulting help you top man, followed by the command, the manual for that particular
command will give you a description of the command as well as a listing of the flags that can be used
with that particular command to quit Priscu.
Some commands do not have a manual effort.
Top man followed by Nenna.
I have opened the manual for the editor NENO to quit KUB.